add tiger docs and language switch option (#728)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Products: content/docs/Tiger/introduction.mdx

---
seo:

>   title: How to Use Your Own Transcript

Reviewer: Maybe a better title is "How to Process Transcriptions Locally"? Since it says that this guide is for users running "manually on their own machine", and not from the team workflow?

Author: Renamed the title

  description: >-
    Learn how to process your own transcript files with SSW Tiger.
title: How to Use Your Own Transcript
date: '2026-04-29T00:00:00.000Z'
---

SSW Tiger turns meeting transcripts into beautiful, multi-tab dashboards — with summaries, action items, participant insights, and more. This guide walks you through generating your first dashboard from your own transcript.

> **Who is this guide for?**
> This guide is for users running SSW Tiger **manually on their own machine** — for example, when you have a transcript file from any meeting tool and want to generate a dashboard yourself.

## Before You Start

You'll need:

- **A Claude account** — either a Claude Pro/Max subscription, or a pay-as-you-go API key from [console.anthropic.com](https://console.anthropic.com/settings/keys)

> - **Claude Code** — the AI tool that does the analysis ([install here](https://docs.anthropic.com/claude/docs/claude-code))

Reviewer: I'd probably reword this since your instructions are using Claude Code CLI and not any of the other options (Desktop or other, also remove the em-dashes)

```suggestion
- **Claude Code CLI installed** — Anthropic's agentic coding tool that runs in your terminal ([install here](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/quickstart))
```

## Step 3 - Generate the Dashboard

In the `SSW.Tiger` folder, start Claude Code:

```bash
claude
```

If it's your first time, log in when prompted. Then just tell Claude what you want, for example:

```
Process the transcript of test-project on 2026-04-29
```

Claude will:

1. Run 5 specialised analysis agents in parallel
2. Consolidate the results to keep names consistent across tabs
3. Generate a polished HTML dashboard

**Pro Tip**: You can drag-and-drop the transcript file straight into the Claude Code terminal — it pastes the path for you.

## Step 4 - View Your Dashboard

The dashboard is saved alongside your transcript:

```
Projects/test-project/2026-04-29/dashboard/index.html
```

Open it in your browser:

- **Windows**: `start Projects\test-project\2026-04-29\dashboard\index.html`
- **macOS / Linux**: `open Projects/test-project/2026-04-29/dashboard/index.html`

You're done — that's your dashboard.

## Additional Resources

**Pro Tips**:

- Start with a transcript you know well, so you can spot what the dashboard gets right (and what to tweak)

> - Run a few sample meetings before customising — defaults work well for most teams

Reviewer: Unfortunately - use US english were applicable - https://www.ssw.com.au/rules/spelling-do-you-use-us-english

```suggestion
- Run a few sample meetings before customizing — defaults work well for most teams
```
